Update theme, gatsby, and yarn up (#109)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Security Issues

Security issues shouldn't be reported on this issue tracker. Instead, [file an issue to our security experts](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/alertus.html).

## Site preview from a fork

> You can generate the website to view your changes using GitHub Pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build and deploy changes from your branch to a test website using GitHub Pages.
```

> In your fork's Settings, make sure Actions are enabled and Pages are configured to deploy from the **root** folder of the **gh-pages** branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must enable Actions in your forked repo settings and configure Pages to deploy from the **root** folder of the **gh-pages** branch.

To build and deploy your branch:
```

> 1. Open the Actions tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Actions** tab in your forked repo.
```

> 1. Choose GitHub Pages (side navigation menu on the left)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the left navigation menu, click the **GitHub Pages** workflow.
```

> 1. In the field `This workflow has a workflow_dispatch event trigger.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right of the page, click **Run workflow**.
```

>    - Open drop-down menu `Run workflow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    - Select the branch you want to preview as a website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Select the branch you want to preview as a website.
```

>    - **Run workflow**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click **Run workflow**.
```

>    - A new run of **Github Pages** will appear in the table of the workflow runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. When the workflow run is finished, **Github Pages** will be marked with a green check mark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the workflow run is finished, **Github Pages** will be marked with a green check mark. To identify the URL of the generated website, click **GitHub Pages** > **build-and-deploy** > **GH Pages URL**.
```

> 1. For the URL of the generated website, navigate to the finished workflow's run **GitHub Pages** > **build-and-deploy** > **GH Pages URL**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
